Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 14, 2019

Welcome to the tech with Brett application (“App”), operated by Andrews Tech.

At Andrews Tech, we offer services and content through our applications. We provide services to you subject to the following notices, terms, and conditions (the “Terms”).

Please read these terms carefully. These terms, as modified or amended from time to time, are a binding contract between Andrews Tech (“we” and/or “us”, etc.) and you ("you”).

You may only use the tech with Brett App operated by Andrews Tech if you first accept these terms.

In addition, when you use any current or future Andrews Tech service or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with Andrews Tech, whether or not included in the App, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business. If these terms are inconsistent with Andrews Tech’s terms, such terms will prevail.

If you create an account on the App, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and data, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account. You must immediately notify Andrews Tech of any unauthorized uses of your data, your account or any other breaches of security. You may not use the account, username, or password of another user at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;

PRIVACY POLICY INCORPORATED HEREIN

Andrews Tech values your privacy and will adhere to its Privacy Policy in order to ensure that your experience is a pleasant one. Please read our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into the herein Terms. We reserve the right to contact you in connection with your compliance or Andrews Tech’s compliance with and performance of these Terms (including without limitation the license rights granted hereunder) or any Content or activities relating to the App. You acknowledge that Andrews Tech may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Andrews Tech, App users, and the public.

WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS

This policy covers how Andrews Tech treats personal information that is collected or received through the services we provide. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and any information that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage. Companies such as our Internet access, website and email hosting company, Facebook, and others have their own privacy statements which can be viewed on their respective websites.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

Andrews Tech collects personal information when you contract with us to use or purchase our services. When you contract with us for a particular service, we will ask you to provide us with your name, email address, and phone number.

The Andrews Tech App may from time to time collect App usage information such as the number of sessions, certain responses, and session duration, for the purpose of enhancing your experience. This information is stored on our server logs. The information from the server logs is used anonymously and is not linked to any individual user and contains no personal identifiers accessible to us the developer. Andrews Tech uses the information that is collected for the following general purposes: to provide updates to you regarding products and services, to fulfill your requests for products and services, improve products and services, contact you, conduct research, and to optimize and improve the App.

OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT

You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Andrews Tech owns all rights, title and interest in and to all Content posted, generated, or contributed (“the Content”) to the App by You or other users; and (ii) nothing in this Agreement will confer You any right of ownership in the Content or any license to any Content other than the Rights expressly granted in this Agreement.

EMAILS

We may occasionally send emails to you. This is required for certain uses of the App. We may also send information to you regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time.

CHILDREN

tech with Brett does not design any part of its App to attract anyone under age 13. tech with Brett will not knowingly contact children under age 13 without a parent's permission. tech with Brett does not knowingly ask a child under age 13 for any personal information.

INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE

Andrews Tech does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or companies except under the following circumstances:

- We provide shipping information to our shippers so that they may deliver products to you. - We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. - We share information with law enforcement agencies in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, suspected copyright infringement, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY

We limit access to personal information about you to only those we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide our products or services to you. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This policy will be changed from time to time to adapt to the changing needs of the society and the law. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by amending this Privacy Policy linked on the App.

ORDERING OF SERVICES; CONDUCT OF SERVICES

If you choose to order a product or service through the App, we will make best efforts to provide that service or product to the best of our ability. However, we make no warranty with regards to your satisfaction with any service or product in general. You will receive access to reading content created by others, which access can be revoked at our discretion. Prices for services where applicable will be listed on the App and may change from time to time.

CONTENT

Content may be removed from the App without prior notice to ensure quality standards are maintained.

CUSTOMER SUPPORT

You may contact Andrews Tech Customer Services by sending an email to the provided contact on the distribution app store. You acknowledge that the provision of customer support is at Andrews Tech’s sole discretion, and that Andrews Tech shall have no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind. We may provide you with customer support from time to time, at our sole discretion, and the provision of some level of support is no guarantee of future support.

NOTICE RE NAMES AND TRADEMARKS

You may not use the name “Andrews Tech” or any other names or Trademarks listed on the App or in any App content. All rights are reserved.

NOTICE RE COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP: Andrews Tech

All rights reserved. All content on the App is subject to intellectual property rights, contractual rights or other protections. The intellectual property rights are owned by Andrews Tech or its licensors. No content may be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted or transmitted in any way except as provided expressly in the Terms or with the prior express written consent of Andrews Tech. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose may violate intellectual property rights. Andrews Tech maintains the worldwide, exclusive copyright on all content created by its users.

MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENT

The App is intended for use by persons who are at least 18 years old, or the legal age required to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction if that age is greater than 18. By using the App, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and of legal age to form a binding contract. If you are under 18, you may use the App only with the permission and involvement of a parent or guardian.

DEALINGS WITH MERCHANTS; LINKS

The App may contain advertisements, offers, or other links to other Apps and resources of third parties that are not controlled by Andrews Tech. That information, as well as advertisements, may or may not be or remain wholly accurate. You acknowledge and agree that Andrews Tech is not responsible or liable for (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites or resources; or (ii) the content, advertising, or products or services on or available from such sites or resources. The inclusion of any link on the App does not imply that the linked site is endorsed by Andrews Tech. You use the links at your own risk. Andrews Tech’s Terms and Privacy Policy are applicable only when you are on its App.

Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party merchants or advertisers that are found on or through the App or which provide links on the App, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such merchant or advertiser. You waive any claim against Andrews Tech and agree to hold Andrews Tech harmless from any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such merchants or advertisers on the App.

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

You agree to electronic communication for all of your transactions and communication with Andrews Tech and the App. You agree that all postings, notices, disclosures, or other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing.

NOTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION; COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS

Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, Andrews Tech will give you any notices by posting them on the App, and you agree that such posting will constitute effective notice.

You authorize Andrews Tech to send notices (including without limitation notice of subpoenas or other legal process, if any) via electronic mail as well if Andrews Tech decides, in its sole discretion, to do so. You agree to keep your address current and that notice provided by Andrews Tech to the address that you have most recently provided will constitute effective notice. Andrews Tech’s address for Legal Notices is:

Kleiman Law Jonathan Kleiman 1235 Bay Street, Suite 700 Toronto, Ontario, M5R 3K4

Andrews Tech respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Andrews Tech with written notice.

MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICY

You agree that from time to time we may, at our sole discretion, modify, add or remove any or all parts of these Terms and the Privacy Policy. Such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms to the App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to these Terms will mean that you accept those changes. We reserve the right from time to time to temporarily or permanently modify or discontinue, and restrict or block access to, the App (or any part thereof) without notice.

PROHIBITED CONDUCT

You agree not to do, or attempt to do, any of the following, subject to applicable law: (a) alter information on or obtained from the App unless through tools provided on the App by us; (b) tamper with postings, registration information, profiles, submissions or Content of other users; (c) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access the App or extract data or gather or use information, such as email addresses, available from the App or transmit any unsolicited advertising, "junk mail," "spam," or "chain letters"; (d) frame any part of the App, or link to the App, or otherwise make it look like you have a relationship to us or that we have endorsed you or your Content for any purpose except as expressly permitted in writing by Andrews Tech; (e) impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (f) bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any area, content or code of the App (except as otherwise expressly permitted by law); (g) take any action which might impose a significant burden (as determined by us) on the App’s infrastructure or performance, or send to or otherwise impact us or the App (or anything or anyone else) with harmful, illegal, deceptive or disruptive code such as a virus, "spyware," "adware" or other code that could adversely impact the App or any recipient; (h) willfully enter incorrect information; (i) post content created by anybody other than yourself.

Furthermore, prohibited content includes anything that:

is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any class or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains anything sexually suggestive, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter;
solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
publicly posts information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person;
includes information about another person that you have posted without that person's consent;
violates the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
constitutes or promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
constitutes or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, or "spamming";
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without prior written consent from Andrews Tech such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
impersonates or attempts to impersonate another user, person or entity.
PROTECTION OF SITE CONTENT

Our App is protected by Canadian, U.S. and international intellectual property laws, which you agree to respect. All content on the App, including but not limited to text, logos, icons, images, graphics, audio clips, compilations, and downloads, as well as the collection, arrangement, and assembly of such content, is the exclusive property of Andrews Tech or its content suppliers. All software used on the App is the property of Andrews Tech or its software suppliers.

TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION

You agree that we may, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without cause or any notice to you, terminate these Terms, your access to the App, and/or your Account, or suspend or block your access to the App. You will still be liable for any breaches of these Terms and/or obligations incurred before the Terms end. If you use the App after termination of these Terms, that use will constitute your agreement to the Terms then posted on the App. Andrews Tech may continue to use electronic or printed materials it has created, or has developed specific plans to create, that contain such Content according to the terms contained above with respect to removal or modification of Content previously posted on the App.

The provisions entitled “Notice Re Copyright Ownership " "Indemnification," "Disclaimer of Warranties," “Exclusion Of Damages; Limitation Of Liability,” "Additional Terms" and the Privacy Policy will survive termination of these Terms.

INDEMNIFICATION

As a condition of your access to and use of the App, you agree to hold Andrews Tech, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, and suppliers, and each of their respective successors and assigns, harmless from, and indemnify them for, all damages, costs, expenses and other liabilities, including but not limited to attorneys' fees and expenses, relating to any claim arising out of or related to: (i) your access to and use of the App and the content therein; (ii) your violation of these Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy), and any applicable law or the rights of another person or party; (iii) any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users of the App; (iv) Andrews Tech’s resolution (if any) of any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users of the App; (v) your improper authorization for Andrews Tech to collect, use or disclose any data or Content provided by you; and (vi) any disclosures made with your permission (including, without limitation, your consent that Andrews Tech disclose your personal information and other information collected as set forth in our Privacy Policy). Furthermore, you fully understand and agree that: (a) Andrews Tech will have the right but not the obligation to resolve disputes between users relating to the App and Andrews Tech’s resolution of a particular dispute does not a create an obligation to resolve any other dispute; and (b)Andrews Tech’s resolution of a dispute will be final with respect to the App.

PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Andrews Tech with the following information:

a. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;

b. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;

c. A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;

d. Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;

e. A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

f. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Andrews Tech’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows:

Kleiman Law
Jonathan Kleiman
1235 Bay Street, Suite 700 Toronto, Ontario, M5R 3K4

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

THE APP MAY CONTAIN ADVICE, OPINIONS, INFORMATION, INSTRUCTIONS AND STATEMENTS FROM ANDREWS TECH, ITS USERS AND OTHER CONTENT AND INFORMATION PROVIDERS. THIS CONTENT IS INTENDED TO BE USED FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. YOU USE THE APP AND CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE App IS PROVIDED BY ANDREWS TECH ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANDREWS TECH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE APP OR THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT INCLUDED ON THE APP. ANDREWS TECH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE App WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, SECURE, OR TIMELY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANDREWS TECH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS,

WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE, USAGE OR PERFORMANCE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER ANDREWS TECH, NOR ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS AND SUPPLIERS, NOR EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU AND/OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PRIVACY, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT OR PRODUCT LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF Andrews Tech AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND SUPPLIERS AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS EXCEED, IN TOTAL, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US.

ADDITIONAL TERMS

a. Severance. If any part of the Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remainder will remain in full force and effect, provided that the allocation of risks described herein is given effect to the fullest extent possible.

b. No Assignment. These Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy) are personal to you and you may not transfer, assign or delegate them to anyone without the express written permission of Andrews Tech. Any attempt by you to assign, transfer or delegate these Terms without the express written permission of Andrews Tech will be null and void. Andrews Tech shall have the right to transfer, assign and/or delegate these Terms to one or more third parties without your permission.

c. Disputes; Choice of Law; Export Limitations. The App is controlled by us from our offices within Canada, and some aspects and portion of the App are hosted at third-party servers within Canada and the United States of America. If you choose to access this App from locations outside Canada, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export anything from the App in violation of Canadian or U.S. import and/or export laws and regulations or the Terms. By visiting the App, you agree that these Terms and all performances and claims of every nature (including without limitation, contract, tort and strict liability) relating in any way to any aspect of the App will be resolved by arbitration. Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your visit to the App or to products or services sold or distributed by Andrews Tech or through the App will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that we and you may assert claims in small claims court if the claims qualify.

We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.

d. Limitations on Actions. Any action concerning any dispute you may have with respect to the App must be commenced within one year after the cause of the dispute arises, or the cause of action is barred.

e. Paragraph Headings. The paragraph headings in these Terms are included to help make these Terms easier to read and have no binding effect.

f. Entire Agreement. These Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy) comprise the entire agreement (the "Entire Agreement") between you and Andrews Tech with respect to the use of the App and supersedes all contemporaneous and prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein, and neither party has relied on any representations made by the other that are not expressly set forth in the Entire Agreement.

g. No Waiver. The failure of Andrews Tech to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms, including any failure to act with respect to a breach, will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision or Andrews Tech right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We suggest that you print out a copy of these Terms for your records.


